[RHDHBUGS-2768]: Document dynamic plugin mirroring for air-gapped environments (#2262)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/install_installing-rhdh-in-an-air-gapped-environment/snip-configure-plugin-registry-mirroring-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

> . Create a `ConfigMap` containing a `registries.conf` file that redirects the `install-dynamic-plugins` init container to your mirror registry:

Author: ```suggestion
. Create a config map containing a `registries.conf` file that redirects the `install-dynamic-plugins` init container to your mirror registry:
```

+
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes"]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: rhdh-plugin-mirror-conf
data:
  rhdh-registries.conf: |
    [[registry]]
    prefix = "registry.access.redhat.com/rhdh"
    location = "_<target_registry>_/rhdh"

    [[registry]]
    prefix = "quay.io/rhdh"
    location = "_<target_registry>_/rhdh"
----
+
where:
+
`_<target_registry>_`:: Enter the URL of your mirror registry, for example, `registry.example.com`.

> . Mount the `ConfigMap` in the `install-dynamic-plugins` init container by adding the following to your `{product-custom-resource-type}` CR:

Author: ```suggestion
. Mount the config map in the `install-dynamic-plugins` init container by adding the following to your `{product-custom-resource-type}` CR:
```
